Buildings:
    Tracking of buildings is quite the task, a lot of triggers are related to a lot of buildings, and some things are
    not trackable like upgrading having no way to get the upgrade type, this has to be manually applied.

Towns:
    This is a leftover for how traditional melee AIs handled, each town is essentially a goldmine and its hall so that
    is what my system is trying to emulate, this should help with making sure each town can properly build towers.
    Hopefully it will also help with creating expansions.

Workers:
    The worker system uses an allocator and certain configuration to properly function, since each race handles workers
    differently this was quite necessary. since it might need additional configuration for custom races.
    Workers use a type of state machine and a worker pool, a worker generally only do one thing at once, and when it
    cannot do that functionality it has to fall back on a backup. Worker pools are generally ways to configure what units
    should be doing at any time, like, 3 units on the goldmine, 1 unit is allocated for construction and then another
    two on the goldmine. Naturally this "construction" unit will go to the fallback order when there is nothing to construct.
    Units without any allocation will also do the fallback order but are flexible for other tasks such as construction.

Constructor:
    The constructor system had to be developed on the side of workers, it was too complex of a task to keep them together.
    It operates using a ticket system that will be executed in the order of being added.
    Only one building will be started at a time, otherwise there is collisions of priority and building locations.

Training:
    This system operates on another ticket priority ticket system, but unlike the vanilla system, this system treats units
    like a type of "stream". It will try to pump out units as it goes.




Problems
    A current major problem is the checking of requirements, natives for this would be highly appreciated.
    Otherwise catching of LUA exception might be a "must".